Add docs for alerting and action settings (#57035)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/alert-action-settings.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[alert-action-settings-kb]]
=== Alerting and action settings in Kibana
++++
<titleabbrev>Alerting and action settings</titleabbrev>
++++

> Alerts and actions are enabled by default in {kib}, but require you configure the following in order to use them: 

Author: This does not feel like the right place for this  setup information, but since alerting and actions are not yet exposed in the UI I'm not sure it warrants it's own configuration section yet.

. <<using-kibana-with-security,Set up {kib} to work with {stack} {security-features}>>.
. <<configuring-tls-kib-es,Set up TLS encryption between {kib} and {es}>>.
. <<general-alert-action-settings,Specify a value for `xpack.encrypted_saved_objects.encryptionKey`>>.

> You can configure the following settings in the `kibana.yml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the following settings in the `kibana.yml` file.
```

[float]
[[general-alert-action-settings]]
==== General settings

`xpack.encrypted_saved_objects.encryptionKey`::

> A string of 32 or more characters used to encrypt sensitive properties on alerts and actions before they're stored in {es}. Third party credentials - such as the username and password used to connect to an SMTP service - are an example of encrypted properties.  

Reviewer: Use &mdash; for dashes.
```suggestion
A string of 32 or more characters used to encrypt sensitive properties on alerts and actions before they're stored in {es}. Third party credentials &mdash; such as the username and password used to connect to an SMTP service &mdash; are an example of encrypted properties.  
```

+

> If not set, {kib} will generate a random key on startup but all alert and action functions will be blocked. Generated keys are not allowed for alerts and actions because when a new key is generated on restart, existing encrypted data becomes inaccessible. For the same reason, alerts and actions in high-availability deployments of {kib} will behave unexpectedly if the key isn't the same on all instances of {kib}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not set, {kib} will generate a random key on startup, but all alert and action functions will be blocked. Generated keys are not allowed for alerts and actions because when a new key is generated on restart, existing encrypted data becomes inaccessible. For the same reason, alerts and actions in high-availability deployments of {kib} will behave unexpectedly if the key isn't the same on all instances of {kib}.
```

+

> While the key can be specified in clear text in `kibana.yml`, it's recommended to store this key securely in the <<secure-settings,{kib} Keystore>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the key can be specified in clear text in `kibana.yml`, it's recommended to store this key securely in the <<secure-settings,{kib} Keystore>>.
```

[float]
[[alert-settings]]
==== Action settings

`xpack.actions.whitelistedHosts`::

> A list of hostnames that {kib} is allowed to connect to when built-in actions are triggered. It defaults to `[*]` allowing any host, but keed in mind the potential for SSRF attacks when hosts are not explicitly whitelisted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of hostnames that {kib} is allowed to connect to when built-in actions are triggered. It defaults to `[*]`, allowing any host, but keep in mind the potential for SSRF attacks when hosts are not explicitly whitelisted. 
```

+

> Note that hosts associated with built-in actions such as slack and pagerduty are not automatically whitelisted. If you are not using the default `[*]` setting, you have to ensure that the corresponding endpoints are whitelisted as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that hosts associated with built-in actions, such as Slack and PagerDuty, are not automatically whitelisted. If you are not using the default `[*]` setting, you must ensure that the corresponding endpoints are whitelisted as well.
```

`xpack.actions.enabledActionTypes`::

> A list of action types that are enabled. It defaults to `[*]` enabling all types. The names for built-in {kib} action types are prefixed with a `.` and include: `.server-log`, `.slack`, `.email`, `.index`, `.pagerduty`, and `.webhook`. An empty array `[]` indicates no hosts can be connected to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of action types that are enabled. It defaults to `[*]`, enabling all types. The names for built-in {kib} action types are prefixed with a `.` and include: `.server-log`, `.slack`, `.email`, `.index`, `.pagerduty`, and `.webhook`. An empty array `[]` indicates no hosts can be connected to.
```
